[THEME MUSIC]
>> REGINA MEREDITH: We have
someone very special with us
today and new to Open
Minds, Lee Carroll.
It's hard to believe this is
my very first time with Lee.
And I'm absolutely thrilled to
check in with what he has to say
and what he's channeled
recently with Kryon,
absolutely phenomenal
information for our time.
So, so good to
have you here, Lee.
>> LEE CARROLL: This is where
I'm supposed to say it's really
good also, and I'm--
[CHUCKLES] I'm saying that--
>> REGINA: Thank you for
saying what you have to say.
[LAUGHS]
>> CARROLL: No, it's
way, way overdue.
>> REGINA: Yeah,
it's way overdue.
I literally can't believe
we haven't met until now.
>> CARROLL: This
is the Gaia family.
>> REGINA: Yes, it is.
>> CARROLL: And it's beautiful.
>> REGINA: It is.
We have a very lovely
group of people here.
So because you do so
many things and I--
if I'm on YouTube
looking, usually
for little kitties and puppies
and things that make me laugh,
right?
But you pop up a fair amount.
And you're sweet and cuddly and
make me laugh too sometimes.
But anyway, recently, a few
of your commentaries of your--
I don't know if you
call them commentaries--
presentations have popped up.
And what I did was
I just wrote down
some notes from
a couple of them,
plus some other
questions at large
because we have so much
going on in these times.
And the one thing that
you really talk about
is that you've known about,
and were told many years ago,
about this time in history,
that this time had to come,
and that these were
going to be dark times
but leading to the light,
because the light wins
in the end.
First of all, all right,
that's the spoiler alert.
Light wins.
We all know that.
But meanwhile, we're trying
to navigate these other times.
So let's talk about what
you were told back when.
>> CARROLL: I will
tell you that.
Also I'd like to reframe.
Light will win.
Light is winning.
>> REGINA: Light is winning.
>> CARROLL: It is winning.
So we're there.
I was told many years ago.
Well, I've been doing
this for 36 years.
I'm a spiritual channel.
I was told many, many times
about what was coming right now.
And part of, I would say,
the channeling experience
for all those years
also had to do
with me studying what the
indigenous of the planet
also said so that we
weren't facing something
that people will say, this is
going to be a new age thing,
you've made it up--
>> REGINA: No.
>> CARROLL: --and all of that.
And much to my
delight, everywhere I
looked in the cosmology
of the Incas, in the Maya,
there's the Hopi, they talked
about this time in history,
and so did my church,
because this is scriptural.
On or about the years
2000 and beyond,
something was going to happen,
whether it was the Armageddon
or whether it was the rapture.
That's me training
in Sunday school.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> CARROLL: But also,
it's everywhere.
And then we started meeting the
indigenous who then pegged it.
This is what's going to happen.
We are sitting right smack
in what was predicted.
>> REGINA: Right
at that crossover.
>> CARROLL: That's right.
Now, Kryon's first book
was called The End Times,
and that was a
frightening title.
But the title meant it's
the end of an old time.
The old energy is passing away.
And in that, there
are a whole lot
of those with low
consciousness who
want it to stay because
they're having good lives.
They're making a lot of money.
They don't want change.
And so there is
a fight going on.
And it isn't dark and light.
It's not evil and good.
It is dark, I would say,
old and new consciousness.
>> REGINA: I think that's a
perfectly fair way to put it.
It's a dying consciousness.
>> CARROLL: It is a
dying consciousness.
Even right now,
light is winning.
And if you ask me, I'll tell you
some of the things we don't even
think of that have happened
in the last years that
show this very, very clearly.
>> REGINA: Give us an idea.
Just give us examples.
>> CARROLL: If you ask your
grandfather or his grandfather
if there will ever be a
time when women wouldn't be
subjugated to the whims of men
to get ahead and have to do
certain kinds of things,
today, you have actors,
you have congressmen, you
have rich guys going to jail
for the very things like that.
My grandfather would have said,
it has been with us forever.
It always will be.
This is the way it is.
>> REGINA: That's right.
And that basically has been
the story up until now.
That's just the way it is on
earth, and I never bought it.
Of course, I didn't buy
most of what they told me
in Sunday school either.
>> CARROLL: In Texas years
ago, Kryon gave a channel.
He said, we're going to
have a new pope soon.
13 months later,
we had a new pope,
and the other one didn't die.
Now he was reading the field.
That's Lynne McTaggart, one of--
>> REGINA: Yeah, yeah.
>> CARROLL: And so
this was something.
Well, the new pope
came along and did,
what, something else that we
were told would never happen.
The new pope said, we
have priests abusing kids.
Oh, my god.
And we're going to stop it.
We're going to have to
do something about it.
They're not going to be
shoved around anymore.
I thought that
would never happen.
There's too much money there.
There's too much power there.
And it happened.
These are the kinds of things.
And then there is some obvious
little consciousness changes,
call them little.
Can I just give you
a little example?
>> REGINA: You go for it.
>> CARROLL: All right.
Put yourself 200, 250 years ago.
That's not that long in time.
Average age these days,
we've got maybe 60, 70 years.
That's only a few
generations back.
So pretend you're there.
You're a mom, and you're about
to take your kids for a picnic.
Now, you're going to pack
the food and all like that.
Kids are with you.
Going to go to a
little grassy place
where you're going
to sit down, you're
going to have a
good time, and you
are going to watch a beheading.
>> REGINA: Exactly.
That's exact same-- that is
the exact same example I use.
Or even only 100, even 60 years
ago, even in the United States,
watch a lynching on
a Saturday morning.
>> CARROLL: Watch a lynching
on a Saturday morning.
>> REGINA: And we think we
haven't grown in consciousness?
>> CARROLL: We have.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> CARROLL: It's slow.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> CARROLL: But it is an
example, over and over.
Light is winning.
Not everybody's getting it.
And it's not about, are you
going to be getting religion?
Are you going to get some
doctrine shoved at you?
It's a natural awakening
to a bigger truth.
>> REGINA: I agree, totally.
And it seems there are lines
that are lines of demarcation
here.
>> CARROLL: Yes, there are.
>> REGINA: And there is
self-responsibility involved.
And it's tough
because now we have
to get down-- like you said,
no, it's always been that way.
That's what's been said
historically on earth.
But the reality is now we have
to start refining that story.
It seems to me one of them is,
it's not really great anymore
to gain at the
expense of another.
>> CARROLL: No, it isn't.
>> REGINA: That story
no longer works,
and we've all accepted
it up until recently.
>> CARROLL: Those kinds of
stories now slap me in the face.
I mean, when I
was younger, there
are kinds of stories
that are acceptable.
There are kinds of things
Now, I'm with a
group of people who
start either
complaining or talking
or whatever or hate
rhetoric and all.
You just want to leave the room.
It's no longer anything
that I want to hear.
It makes me sad inside.
>> REGINA: Yeah, me too, very.
>> CARROLL: Yeah.
By the way, we can
all get through that.
[LAUGHS] There are ways.
>> REGINA: In fact, let's
talk about that right now
because in one of your videos,
you were speaking about it.
But something that I
found interesting--
we were chatting off camera,
and I said, this whole notion
of this division
among people now,
the polarization among people.
And you were saying that
the mastery comes when you
don't allow yourself to
go there, when you don't--
So let's open that discussion
up a little bit because we
are feeling creatures.
>> CARROLL: Let's
start at the beginning.
>> REGINA: Let's go to the
beginning because we have
so much subconscious stuff.
>> CARROLL: We do.
We're programmed from birth in
our society, in our culture.
I mean, there's no
conspiracy to programming
to that, just our culture.
And it's a culture
based in a dark energy,
and that's the way it is.
So what we teach
and what's happening
and what all of
the Indigenous said
and what Kryon told me
all those years ago,
there's going to be
a time of awakening.
And the awakening is
naturally going to happen.
But it has some metaphors that
I'll tell you later about, what
we're actually doing.
But in this awakening,
we are going
to start seeing and studying
what the Masters knew.
My whole point of what I
teach is studying mastery.
When you've got
several attributes,
the first, most important
one regarding the division
we're seeing in consciousness
right now, the polarization,
is mastery observes.
It does not react.
>> REGINA: Yes.
And so let's go a
little deeper into that.
You're absolutely right.
So you have, say, certain
rhetoric going on.
And people who have
suffered at the hands
of that kind of rhetoric,
maybe 300 or 400 years ago
in past lives, it's buried in
the body, in the subconscious.
>> CARROLL: It is.
>> REGINA: They're
responding with anger or fear
and don't even understand why.
So this is an interesting part
to say, yeah, I do feel this.
How can you not
respond if your body's
responding from an old
subconscious memory or pattern,
which is interesting.
>> CARROLL: I tell people,
this is how you have to train
yourself to go inside,
drop into your heart,
and find that which is the
divine peace that we all have.
It's there.
The metaphor that Kryon
has given over and over,
and we can even talk about
that, there is a lifting veil.
Now I do spiritual work.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> CARROLL: I don't channel
ETs or things of this.
I do spiritual work.
We have what is called
a lifting of the veil.
The veil has always blocked us
from the angelic power and all
of these things.
Kryon says, you were
born magnificent.
You were not born
dirty as you were
told, perhaps by your church.
You're born magnificent.
It's like the block of stone
that the sculptor takes,
and he knows what
to remove in order
to create the Michelangelo.
We are now peeling that
onion and starting to remove,
and this is the important
part, what was always there.
>> REGINA: And that veil had
to really be there till we were
ready to start waking up, right?
>> CARROLL: The
veil is inside us.
>> REGINA: And it's
always been there, right?
>> CARROLL: Yes.
>> REGINA: Until we
were ready to wake up.
>> CARROLL: So that awakening
we're talking about is
a transformation
of consciousness.
And this is what Kryon
has always been about.
And there's physics involved.
There's all manner of things
to bring us to this point
where we can begin to
then carve that statue.
We have been in a
circle of old energy.
History repeats itself.
Gregg Braden's book, The Fractal
Time book, proved it, showed it.
It's even scientifically--
>> REGINA: Absolutely.
>> CARROLL: --until now.
And we have gotten
off of the circle.
We're on a new track.
That track, by the
way, we've never
been on before, it's scary to
almost everybody, even to me,
because we've never been
on that train before.
So here we are in a new
track with light shining,
and we're still uncomfortable.
There's a lot of people
who don't want that track.
They'd just rather
be in the circle
because it's so comfortable.
It works for them.
That is all that they have.
But we are having this amazing
awakening taking place.
This is very exciting to me.
>> REGINA: It is
exciting to me too.
But we do have to tiptoe through
the dog poo to get there.
[LAUGHS]
>> CARROLL: And that's
what's going on.
So back to the study
of mastery and all.
When you get to this place where
you will not react internally
because of your Akash, perhaps,
and this is very doable,
you can really be peaceful.
You can sit and
learn to be peaceful.
I mean, you go to
India for a while
and discover how they've
done it, and they teach it,
and this is very doable.
But more than that, you
can disengage your buttons.
>> REGINA: Yes.
I think what you
said earlier, I have
found to be the absolute key.
And that is, if you can take
what's going on in your head
and what's just overwhelmed
you-- and the thing is,
having the presence to remember
to do it in that moment.
Right now, it's really
because it's habit.
If we don't do it, it's just old
habit that we're buying into.
But to drop those very
thoughts down into the heart,
and it totally
transforms the way
your body starts
feeling about whatever
it is you've been exposed to.
>> CARROLL: And also, then
you have the outside sources,
the family.
So let's say the family
doesn't like what you're into,
thinks you're an idiot,
and you're foolish,
and that you broke ranks
with the rest of them,
either it's
generationally, or you
didn't do what they
thought you would do,
or you're in the
wrong religion now,
or you've gone off the deep end.
And then you go home,
and you're with them
for Christmas or New Years
or Thanksgiving, whatever.
And now the barrage starts.
This is what I tell people,
and it's worked and worked
and worked and worked.
And that is you
become a listener.
Do not react to
anything they're saying.
Listen to what they say.
Don't try to change them because
you will not change them.
You will simply make it
worse, absolutely worse.
And up to a point
where you can say--
let's say you got a
brother or a sister
or a mother or father who's
looking at you and going,
you're going straight to hell.
I'm really disappointed
and all that thing.
And you look at them,
and you say, you know?
You know we don't agree, but
I really love you anyway.
And I just wanted to
let you know that.
>> REGINA: And that's great.
That's it.
>> CARROLL: A conversation--
>> REGINA: It
confuses everything.
>> CARROLL: --stopper.
>> REGINA: Absolutely.
>> CARROLL: Absolutely.
>> REGINA: No, I agree with you.
>> CARROLL: You do that enough,
and they stop for a while,
after a while, because you're
really talking at the love
level, the love level.
And a mom and a dad,
especially, are going
to get that at some point.
And they may simply walk
away and not get it.
Or they may come
back later and go,
I'm thinking about what you
said, and I love you too.
This works.
It works.
And you can start doing
that even at work.
You can do that to people who
are always on you politically,
for instance.
And you know, how can you
possibly have done this
and not believe that?
You're an idiot.
>> REGINA: But you're also
listening to completely
different streams of info.
Everybody's
brainwashed by media.
>> CARROLL: Yeah.
And so you look at--
and you look at them,
and you can just smile and
say, you know we don't agree,
but I kind of like you anyway.
>> REGINA: [LAUGHS]
>> CARROLL: And this
is what we teach.
This is mastery.
>> REGINA: OK, so--
and you've talked about
this before, which
is what I just mentioned, you're
mentioning here, the notion
that we've all been siloed.
The media has been
very, very destructive.
It's a necessary
arm of the darkness
and to be able to
fulfill those agendas
by the people, the beings
that try to control this show.
And so we're now seeing an
explosion in independent media
via podcasts.
And even some of the
big streaming companies
are starting to put some
questioning and edgy material
on, which is
absolutely fascinating.
And so we realize
that a lot of this
is all happening
in the mind matrix,
but it's not really part of
who we are, this division.
>> CARROLL: I'm looking at you,
and I'm not hearing the question
because I have something to say.
>> REGINA: Sure.
>> CARROLL: Do you have-- do you
have any idea how important you
are in this program
to this planet?
>> REGINA: Thank you.
>> CARROLL: It's
not a compliment.
It's a fact, because
you are the new media.
>> REGINA: Yes, we are
part of the new media.
>> CARROLL: That's
exactly right.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> CARROLL: Have any idea how
many people are involved in this
with the Gaia--
>> REGINA: No.
>> CARROLL: --with of that?
It's approaching a million.
>> REGINA: Really?
>> CARROLL: Yes.
And this is what we have
always said was coming.
If I had anything to say to
everybody who's watching this,
I would say, please understand,
don't watch the news.
Don't watch the news.
Get it in written form.
>> REGINA: That's exactly right.
>> CARROLL: Get it from a
professional journalist instead
of somebody who is dressing up
and looking nice and giving you
entertainment and
is told what to say.
>> REGINA: In their cocktail
dresses, by the way.
>> CARROLL: That's correct.
>> REGINA: I was a news anchor.
You couldn't wear
a cocktail dress,
and you had to
actually be serious.
[LAUGHS]
>> CARROLL: This is what is--
be aware of it.
Just start listening
to what they're saying,
and you'll understand that
they grabbed the worst things
possible and put them first.
And then they
continue with that.
When we had these
fires in Los Angeles,
and I live in San Diego, the
news, every single channel,
was the same.
They put somebody in
front of a burned house
and interview a sobbing person.
How is this helping anyone
in this planet right now?
>> REGINA: Oh, I agree.
I quit doing news for
that exact reason.
>> CARROLL: That's right.
And so when you start
moving away from,
hey, maybe there's
programming going on here.
And why are they doing that?
It's a conspiracy.
It is not.
It's just an old energy paradigm
to get people to tune in and buy
products.
And that's what it's
always been about.
>> REGINA: Yeah,
fear is addictive.
>> CARROLL: That's right.
What we have here,
what you have here,
what we are doing
together, I believe,
is a paradigm that is going
to be now emulated and copied
and is going to
hit the mainstream.
You're going to
find Netflix and all
that looking for programming,
which is more gentle,
which is a bigger
truth, you might say,
and a balanced way of
looking at the planet.
>> REGINA: That is what I crave,
is to have a program where you
can have people on
different sides of an issue,
but who are intelligent, and who
have the capacity for critical
thinking, and who have open
hearts to come together
and reflect on different
views of a given topic.
So you have something really
to go away and think about
without any divisive thinking.
>> CARROLL: When
I was in my 40s,
I remember the monthly baseball
game that the Democrats
and Republicans would play.
>> REGINA: Oh, yes.
>> CARROLL: And they would
be interested in the winners.
They didn't get together and
throw dirt at each other.
>> REGINA: I know.
>> CARROLL: They understood that
they had a different opinion,
but they were both patriots
and loved the country.
And they could get
together and do this.
That's gone.
>> REGINA: It is gone.
That's before whoever runs the
media show and entertainment
show ratchet it up.
It's strong arming.
>> CARROLL: Correct.
So when you start
listening or even
some things on, for instance,
the media that you might see,
watch for the buzzwords
that are there
that are completely biased.
They're not reporting anything.
>> REGINA: No.
>> CARROLL: They're
pushing information at you,
so you'll believe something.
That is an agenda.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> CARROLL: So this is
part of the decisiveness.
It is an old energy.
And I recognize it when
I see it, immediately,
as soon as you start
paying attention.
>> REGINA: Oh, yeah.
You can feel it
manipulating you.
>> CARROLL: And by the way,
you don't watch 11 o'clock news
and sleep well.
I mean--
>> REGINA: That's
why I quit doing it.
I said, I'm serving up
bad news before people
go into dream time.
>> CARROLL: That's right.
>> REGINA: And they required it.
>> REGINA: We even
tried the good news.
We used the noon news.
They use me as an
experimental vehicle
to see if we could do
a good news forecast.
And--
>> CARROLL: When did you do it?
>> REGINA: This was ages ago.
>> CARROLL: I mean,
what time of day?
>> REGINA: That was at noon, so
it would have affected women.
It's still failed.
>> CARROLL: It failed--
>> REGINA: It totally failed.
>> CARROLL: --mostly I
think, because it's at noon,
and people are still working.
They haven't even come
home to watch the news.
>> REGINA: Yeah, but I mean,
even so, you should have
a little bit more gentle
audience among women that are
staying home or people
in that day staying home.
This is a long time ago.
This is in the '80s.
>> CARROLL: Yeah.
I'm not surprised
it didn't work.
>> REGINA: But I think something
like that-- and they tried.
There's the Optimists,
The Daily Optimist.
And different types
of publications
are trying to do
this, but it hasn't
gotten that strong
magnetic appeal yet.
>> CARROLL: The answer is going
to come from the sleepers,
and that's the young people,
what I've called the Indigos
because I wrote the book in
1999 called The Indigo Children,
who now are starting to emerge.
Some of them are in Congress.
They are the age now that
they can be junior senators
and whatever.
They see it.
They see it clearly, and
it's offensive to them.
They're keeping quiet now
until they can do something.
They have to go on the
various committees.
They see how they work, and
they're going to emerge.
And when they
start, you're going
to be amazed at
what they're saying
because the first thing
they're going to say
is, this is my opponent.
This person is a patriot.
Look what they've done.
I don't agree.
I can do something better,
but I don't hate them.
>> REGINA: Exactly.
Yes.
And what you said earlier,
too, I think is critical.
If you want to remain
somewhat informed
as to what's going on around
you, because it does feel--
I mean, for me, I
almost feel I have
to be somewhat informed
just to do my work.
>> CARROLL: Of course.
>> REGINA: But I
do what you said.
Mostly I just use written word
because it's not as inflamed.
There's no nuance.
There are no colors.
There are no-- there's no light.
There are no flashing
headlines to manipulate you.
But it is now--
I think it's in
everyone's best interest
to start looking for
what they feel are truly
balanced minds out
there who are not
prejudicial or true journalists
because that's almost dead.
There are some out there.
>> CARROLL: There are.
>> REGINA: And there are
some rising and some younger
journalists rising that
are true journalists.
And so I try to find them and
follow them by written word.
>> CARROLL: I was a recording
engineer for 15 years.
And one of the things we did in
my town that I did that is we
did commercials.
We did news, opens and closes.
We did it from NBC and ABC.
You don't realize that the
news on is scored with music.
>> REGINA: Oh.
Yeah, absolutely.
>> CARROLL: It's
scored with music.
>> REGINA: Oh, yeah.
>> CARROLL: It is
definitely pointed at drama.
They want you to be
afraid with the music.
>> REGINA: Absolutely.
>> CARROLL: Like,
here's the music.
[HUMMING] And it's like--
and then here comes the news.
That's not news.
>> REGINA: No, it already
has-- it's already fulfilled
the manipulative part of it.
I used to produce, and I
produced documentaries.
And oddly, I know, at the time,
people thought I was nuts.
But I always found the musician
to do the musical score first
because I wanted
it to set a tone.
>> CARROLL: It sets the tone.
>> REGINA: Whether it was
to be open, compassionate,
whatever it was, I wanted the
tone set subconsciously so that
then the words and information
could be received in the way I
hoped they would be received.
Nonetheless, it's
a manipulation.
>> CARROLL: It is.
Anybody who--
>> REGINA: When you pair
it with information--
>> CARROLL: Yes, studies
advertising and all of these
things understand
all of these things.
We have to search for good news.
We have to search for a good
journalist, as you said.
>> REGINA: Absolutely.
OK, so let's get to the
subject now that I love--
of many.
And that is one that
I know you do too
and you have wonderful
things to say about.
And it's the
subject of free will
because there's a lot of
misunderstanding about how
free will works, what it is.
And some people believe
we don't even have any.
A year and a half
ago, a fellow named
Robert Sapolsky wrote a
book, Determined, essentially
life with no free will.
And I was offended.
[LAUGHING]
>> CARROLL: You should be.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
So let's talk about free will.
>> CARROLL: When you look
at scripture, for instance,
it's the only
guideline I ever had,
it's actually missing because
you have there the idea
of what's going to happen
and where we're going to go.
And it doesn't look like
we have much choice.
>> REGINA: Well,
and it's God's will.
You live by God's will.
>> CARROLL: That's right.
And then you have-- even
as a metaphysical person,
let's say you are
a new age person,
if you want to call
it that or whatever,
then you have the contract.
So all of these kinds of things
point to an old energy paradigm
that things are going to happen
regardless of anything you do.
And it's just the opposite.
It's totally the opposite.
My information for
30 years has been
about the magnificent
human being that
has high consciousness
inside, is
going to awaken
to a new paradigm,
a multi-dimensional universe,
where we control everything
through benevolent action,
through consciousness,
compassion, and kindness.
And this is the
free will we have.
Look at what's happening
on the planet right now.
We have free will to change it.
We are awakening
to an idea where
we have the creator inside.
Now I know I'm getting
spiritual, but this is--
>> REGINA: We'll that's
who you're talking--
our audience is totally open.
>> CARROLL: You'll find this
in scripture, god inside.
If that's true and we have
that soul and that magnificence
that we have, that free will
is something that we are not
only born with, it's our right.
It's our lineage to
awaken this earth
and make a transition that
nobody really, truly expected.
It was the Harmonic
Convergence in 1987
that actually set
this in motion.
>> REGINA: I was up
on Shasta meditating.
I had my tent.
I was there.
[LAUGHS]
>> CARROLL: It was almost like
the earth was asked a question.
The alignments were, well, are
we going to go ahead or not?
Are we going to go
through an Armageddon,
or are we going to go
through World War III?
Are we going to have
nuclear war or not?
And the overwhelming
thing was we're
ready for the-- we're ready
to go through the poop
if we have to, but
we're going to.
And this is why we came.
And this is why the souls that
I'm looking at today, no matter
how old they are, including
the Indigos and all,
are aware of this.
This is why we're here.
And that takes a
free will that says
we are going to make an
ascended planet happen.
And we're going to start
by teaching mastery.
We're going to start by getting
through this division where
people are starting to hate and
complain and all these things,
and not even realize that it's
simply what their parents did.
>> REGINA: Exactly.
And as you say, this is not
your grandpa's world anymore.
[LAUGHS]
>> CARROLL: It just is not.
So that's the best
answer that I can have.
We have ultimate free will.
It is not restricted.
We can do whatever we want to.
We can even change our
future before we get there.
>> REGINA: So then the
issue becomes we all have
a subconscious mind that has
recorded everything that we have
ever done.
And it's there for our
protection and to inform us,
but it also is
filled with trauma.
And triggering trauma
responses all the time.
And so, what Robert
Sapolsky wrote in his book,
that we're so
predictable, you can
tell exactly how
a person is going
to react in a given situation
because of the subconscious
programming in them.
So to an extent, there's
truth in-- absolutely,
we all react subconsciously.
But I would like to--
in a little bit,
we'll go to Kryon
and have Kryon explain
to us that subtle way
in which we start
shifting away from being
reactive to being responsive.
>> CARROLL: I'm going
to bring up something--
>> REGINA: Please.
>> CARROLL: --that is not
going to sit well with a lot
of people.
>> REGINA: That's OK.
>> CARROLL: Almost everything
that is written in an old
energy, even the things
that are metaphysical,
don't apply anymore.
And so no matter
who the author was,
no matter what
the paradigm, what
are the psychologists
written in an old energy
where we behaved
differently and when
we took our kids to beheadings,
is not applicable today.
So you cannot then reference
even the most important things
you thought Plato said and then
drag it into an enlightening
world.
>> REGINA: I am so glad
you're saying this.
>> CARROLL: Thank you that you
agree because that won't sit
well.
>> REGINA: No, I totally agree.
You can't take
information born out
of a certain level
of consciousness
even though they were
the masters of that era.
>> CARROLL: Correct.
>> REGINA: It's different now.
>> CARROLL: So the next phase
of that is Kryon saying that
the bastions of spiritual
truth that some of us believe,
which is how reincarnation
works, how karma works,
how subconscious works, is going
to be new and different and not
the old paradigm.
You will be able
to drop past life
irritations because they
won't be in your consciousness
anymore.
You can drop even the things in
this lifetime that created you.
You have that power.
Our DNA is starting
to work differently,
activate differently.
The consciousness is
becoming more benevolent,
more benevolent.
That's the key word, kindness.
And we're not going to be
bothered by those things
that you have listed
here that we all
have just because of the change
between the old and the new.
We're not carrying those
things into the new road
unless we want to.
And there are many
who don't know
they are and have to listen
to a program like this
to realize, wow, what is it that
I'm carrying that I don't want?
Why don't I feel good in
the morning when I wake up?
Why am I waking up at 3:00 in
the morning and worrying when
there's really nothing to worry
about that I can pinpoint,
and yet I'm disturbed?
These are all part
of the subconscious.
>> REGINA: Absolutely.
>> CARROLL: Something
is happening.
I don't understand it.
Therefore, it's going to be bad.
[LAUGHS]
>> REGINA: And so we
demonize the subconscious,
and that's not fair either.
It's here to help us,
not step in a ditch
or run when we need to.
>> CARROLL: Did you know that we
can actually put in front of us
in our future that
is not known to us,
things that will help
us when we get there?
>> REGINA: Talk about
that a little bit.
>> CARROLL: OK.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> CARROLL: How many who are
watching this program are
familiar with the term
the now or oneness?
That is a very old principle.
But it comes with a paradigm
shift of dimensionality.
Now we're getting into
things that people go,
you're going to lose me here.
No, I'm not going
to lose anybody.
We are in 3D.
What if we are broaching that
into a more multidimensional
way?
What if it's not five?
So I want to tell every people,
the next dimension is not five.
You go 1, 2, 3, 4, all.
Ask a physicist.
That's the way it works.
So we're not in the
fifth one, and we're
going to the sixth
one, the seventh one.
That's linear because
you're counting,
and you can't count in a
multidimensional frame.
So you're broaching a whole
new way that reality works.
One of the things that you have
in a multidimensional world
is the ability to be in the now,
which encompasses past, present,
and future.
You have some control
over the future.
And, are you ready, you
have control over the past.
There is a physics term
called retrocausality
that says that what
you do today can affect
the lineage of your past.
And nobody is going to go there
and say that's impossible.
How can that be?
You can do it in a
multidimensional way
because you are in the now.
So here I am, and I'm saying,
I am Lee Carroll and in--
I don't know what's coming.
Nobody knows that future.
They know perhaps
some of the decisions
or perhaps what it contains.
But I know that I am
going to go there.
So because I'm in the now and
have a little more control,
I'm going to put a benevolent
bomb in front of me.
[LAUGHING]
So when I get there,
I'll know what to say.
I'll know what to do.
I'll know how to act.
>> REGINA: Love it.
>> CARROLL: And I will
not step in the pothole.
I'll also not make the same
mistakes I made before.
>> REGINA: Beautiful.
Do you mind if we go into-- you
go into a little channeling mode
now?
>> CARROLL: Sure.
>> REGINA: OK.
Let's do that.
And, well, there's so many
things we'll talk about,
we could talk about.
>> CARROLL: [LAUGHS]
>> REGINA: OK, you just let me
know when you're feeling ready.
>> CARROLL: You'll
hear a phrase.
Kryon says he's a
magnetic service.
That is another full discussion.
And just to let
people know, I also
take off my glasses because I'm
not in total control over my arm
movements.
So I have flipped
off my glasses--
[LAUGHING]
--in channel.
So if you just give me a moment.
>> REGINA: Sure.
>> CARROLL:
Greetings, dear ones.
I'm Kryon, a magnetic service.
>> REGINA: It's
lovely to be with you.
Should I go ahead and
ask questions now,
or would you like
to speak first?
>> CARROLL: I want
to speak first.
>> REGINA: OK.
>> CARROLL: There is
so much love here.
Everybody who is watching this
knows, even before the question.
Everyone who is
watching this is known
by that which you call
the creative source.
Every soul is known.
Every soul is known
by a name we sing
in light when you're not here.
This grand soul of
yours is loved dearly.
And that is that principle,
the core of the message
that I've been giving
all of these years.
You have the ability to control
that which you don't think
you can control.
And as you do it, there
is a set of guides,
you might even call them
angels, who sit with you.
When you go into a closet
and cry by yourself,
we've always been
there, dear one.
And you've always had the
ability to take our hands
and say, tell me what I should
know or help me through this.
And it has nothing to do
with the religion you knew.
It has everything
to do with who you
are at the core level, a
piece of the creator itself.
That's the message.
That's the core message.
And then it goes from there.
Questions?
>> REGINA: Beautiful.
Thank you.
Yes, we touched on something,
Lee and I a little bit
ago, having to do with as
this new consciousness starts
permeating us, that as
we start incarnating
again and reincarnating,
that we're
going to be able to release a
lot of the trauma and heaviness
from the subconscious
that we call karma,
and karma that we have perhaps
created within our lives out
of ignorance or whatnot.
Can you tell us how that works?
Yeah, I want to know
the mechanics of it.
>> CARROLL: You want to
know the mechanics of it.
>> REGINA: Yes, that now the
subconscious will have less
of an influence on
us as we incarnate.
>> CARROLL: I ask
you a question.
>> REGINA: Sure.
>> CARROLL: When this interview
is over and you get in your car,
do you go to the glove box
and study the mechanics
of the internal combustion
engine to see how it works
before you step on the
gas and start the car?
>> REGINA: No.
>> CARROLL: You don't.
You trust that
it'll get you there.
That is the new paradigm.
There are things happening.
You don't have to understand
the minutia of the working parts
of that which is going to be
the spiritual mastery of a human
being that is starting to occur,
through that which we have
called the 24th set of
chromosomes in your DNA,
which are multidimensional,
have always been there,
starting to awaken and giving
you all of these things which
include that which is karma,
which will drop if you ask
for it.
Dear spirit, I understand.
>> REGINA: Interesting.
>> CARROLL: I understand.
You say, dear spirit, I would
understand that the old karma
and the old ways.
I'm not going to pull
it into this new energy.
No, you're not.
Give intent.
Do you want it or not?
The answer is no,
you can just drop it.
Dear spirit, I
want my past lives
not to interfere with my mastery
as I go on this new path.
Make it so.
You're in control.
Don't ask how you're
going to do it.
The minutia of the how, turning
to others for many courses
to learn, is an old
energy paradigm.
The courses are inside.
Now, they always have
been, just like the veil,
just like the angel that you
are when you're not here.
>> REGINA: Thank you.
OK, so let's go on to--
in very ancient times,
Lemuria, Atlantis,
when we had a different
consciousness on the planet.
If you could just give us an
idea of what the consciousness
was at those times--
and I know it's risen and
fallen throughout history
to where we are right now.
>> CARROLL: There is mythology
even with new age, a lot of it.
They would say we
were smarter then,
higher consciousness then,
and had higher technology.
That is all things
that you have made up,
dear ones, in order to
satisfy the hero's journey
story that you'd like to tell
about a consciousness that
got poor and then is
getting better again.
Lemuria was a
consciousness that you
were learning the actual
core principles of mastery.
How you would say
the soul works?
How God works, if you
want to use the word God.
It was simple.
It was not complex.
It was not advanced.
You didn't start in
an advanced mastery.
There is nothing here to say
that you arrived on this planet
enlightened.
You did not.
Even when you get to
the stories of Atlantis,
do you want to know what
the high technology was?
The high technology
wasn't technology at all.
It was you learning a
higher consciousness that
then translates to
higher technology
because you were
thinking better.
So between Lemuria and
the many Atlantises
that there were,
and there were many,
you are looking at a
learning consciousness,
starting at the basics, being
taught by the star, mothers
of what it is and
what it is not,
how to pass with joy, how
to understand compassion,
how to use the things that
you're being given by God.
The garden of Eden training,
if you want to say,
that's what it was.
When you look back
to it, it looks
like a higher consciousness.
It is not.
You have a higher consciousness
today, believe it or not,
than you did then.
But the human being wants
to tell the stories,
create the mythology.
A lot of what you are
told, even about Lemuria,
came right from the
scriptures, and even Greeks.
You have a technology
that got too big,
so you were punished then.
And then perhaps the island sunk
because you did something bad.
That's Sodom and Gomorrah.
That's not Atlantis.
That's not Lemuria.
That's mythology.
That doesn't sit well
with some of you, does it?
>> REGINA: And so you're saying
the prevailing consciousness
that's sweeping through the
cosmos now and is affecting
our transformation on earth,
transformation of consciousness.
Is this the highest
it's ever been on earth?
>> CARROLL: No.
There is something you've said.
It comes and goes.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> CARROLL: It comes and goes.
And then often, the
conquerors will take it away.
There was a very
high consciousness
in the first portions
of the history of Egypt.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> CARROLL: There is the
same in the Indus Valley.
You had many of these
things where they actually
were using the things
that were given to them
and retained in
their Lemurian DNA.
But they were then beat
up by the old energy,
by their conquerors.
You know the story.
So it comes in waves,
if you want to say,
of high and low consciousness.
You are beginning
right now, however,
the highest consciousness
that the planet has ever seen.
By the way, you can
find that same message
on the walls written
in the hieroglyphs,
not in Egypt, but those in Maya,
in the Mayan temples where they
were looking at the
calendars and seeing
the end of an old energy
calendar, which they put away
in 2012, and put a new
one up that your news
didn't tell you about.
The new one says this has
the potential of the highest
consciousness on the planet.
Even the Indigenous
were talking about what
is happening right now.
This is the most exciting
thing I could give you.
When I start talking
to humanity and I
see that the love that went into
this, every soul on this planet
came here knowing that it
could have gone the other way.
And it could have gone
right to the Armageddon that
was predicted.
Do you realize the love that
went into that from your soul
who said, I'm coming anyway?
Now you know why we
love you so much.
>> REGINA: That's beautiful.
>> CARROLL: And now we know and
now you know that this is a love
arrangement on this planet.
And light is winning,
and love will win.
>> REGINA: Thank you for that.
I certainly have
1,000 more questions,
but we don't have
1,000 more minutes.
So thank you so much, Kryon,
for sharing that with us.
>> CARROLL: So it is.
>> REGINA: And, Lee, just
one more tiny little thing.
We have just a couple
of minutes left.
It's not tiny.
It's huge.
And thank you for
bringing Kryon through.
And that is the whole notion of
this little pineal gland that
starts activating, decalcifying,
and starts opening us up
to our higher selves,
which, of course,
that the answers lie therein.
How does that start
working for us?
>> CARROLL: This is
a common metaphor.
They've known it for--
I mean, the reason the
Bindi is there at all
is the mark of the third eye,
which aligns to the pineal.
The pineal has always been
seen as the window to the soul.
So as the soul
starts to graduate
and we start to see the
veil lifting inside,
this means that we are getting
a lot more information sailing
through that pineal.
And that's the mechanics
of it, because you
wanted the mechanics of it.
That start to activate that
which is the Statue of David
that we're starting to carve.
We have always had
that, born magnificent.
I would love anybody who
goes away from this show
to remember that because this
is against the programming most
of us have ever had.
So you're not worthy.
Even our parents, some of
our parents, telling us that.
I was very fortunate there was
love in my life and my family.
And I was told I
could do anything.
>> REGINA: Now, lucky you.
>> CARROLL: Yes.
Not everyone was.
>> REGINA: No.
>> CARROLL: We can.
We are born magnificent.
And this is what I want
people to understand
and start cognizing that
therefore, I can do anything.
>> REGINA: Yes, because it seems
to me there are an awful lot
of species out there
that are watching us here
because of the dynamics that are
taking place right now that this
species is waking up to,
which is to be in this kind
of resistance, to be
in a physical body,
but have that amount of light
and love at the same time.
>> CARROLL: Another subject
that people said, hey,
why are all those around us in
a universe that is filled with
life, simply standing
by and watching?
Why haven't they landed yet?
Why haven't they come by?
Why haven't they said that--
and the answer is very
basic and understanding
and very practical.
We are barbaric.
>> REGINA: [LAUGHS]
>> CARROLL: And they're afraid
that they'll be destroyed when
they show up.
>> REGINA: Absolutely.
>> CARROLL: That is
why they haven't come.
>> REGINA: And you know?
>> CARROLL: That's changing.
>> REGINA: That wasn't the case
back in the '40s and the '50s.
You had all these ET,
these extraterrestrials
that would come and talk
with Eisenhower and people
gentlemanly.
There was no threat.
And then suddenly,
something happened.
It shifted.
>> CARROLL: This is the
consciousness shift,
the ups and downs.
>> REGINA: And then they
became enemies, you know?
Shoot them down.
>> CARROLL: There
is a term in India.
They call it explosion
to enlightenment.
And that's what we are
experiencing right now.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
Beautiful.
Thank you so much.
I really appreciate it.
And there's nothing you
said that I certainly
and most of our audience
would take offense to.
>> CARROLL: Thank you.
>> REGINA: I appreciate
it very much, Lee.
And I hope to see
you again here.
If you don't want this
conversation to end,
you can continue on with
Lee on his YouTube channel
or through his
website, kryon.com.
I'm sure we'll be seeing
Lee again here on Open Minds
if he wishes.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Open Minds.
[THEME MUSIC]